The rules themself are quite simple. Players compete against each other trying to get to 21 as close as possible.

The game starts with players making a buy-in that is between the before entered min and max values. Now every player has some chips.
Each round players have to put down a round stake that is between the before entered min and max values. This stake can't be changed for the whole round.

The dealer deals out cards. Each round a player (in clock wise direction) gets to choose between two options:
(1) ask for a card adding to their score or (2) pass keeping their current score.

The values of the cards are: 2-10: actual values | J, Q, K: 10 | A: 1 or 11.
The goal is to get as close to 21 as possible. If you step over 21, you burn out and loose the round.
The winner ir the player who didn't burn out and has the closest score to 21.

Specific winnings calculations are explained further down and are the main difference to classic Black Jack.

There are 3 outcomes of a round: (A) all players burn out, (B) one player has the highest score, (C) two or more players have the highest score.
Outcome (A). If all players burn out, all their this round's stakes get put into the so called BANK.
Outcome (B). If one player has the highest score, he gets his stake back + 75% of what is left from the other players' stakes
             (rounded down to the nearest sum that contains a whole number of chips). The rest of the chips go to the BANK.
Outcome (C). If two or more players have the same highest score, they get their stake back. The rest gets divided between the winning players.
             Each gets a proportional size of what they put in (that is - based on their initial stake). It is rounded down to the nearest sum that contains a whole number of chips.
             The rest of the chips go to the BANK.

After each 10th round players can cash out their chips or buy new ones (do a new buy-in) if they have run out of chips. Those operations can be done only at this time!

After each 9th round the BANK takes out 75% of their chips and divides them among players proportionally based on the total sum of chips that they have. 
The actual sum gets rounded down to the nearest number of whole chips, the rest stays in the BANK.
It is done in this order so that a player with no chips can't just make a huge buy-in and get a big proportion from the BANK's payout.
This way players have to think 10 rounds ahead.

